How many datasets did you use, name them?
3 datasets, UCI Credit, Taiwan credit and credit card default datasets

What all algorithms were used?
Logistic regression, decision tree, random forest and gradient boosting

Why did you select these 4?
LR - Simplicity, DT - Easy to interpret and use, RF - Reduces overfitting and improved generalization, GB - High predictive accuracy
Keywords : performance, interpretability, scalability

Why did you not select SVM(Support Vector Machine)?
SVM takes high memory to store support vectors
SVM is sensitive to hyperparameter tuning, if it's improper, it can cause over/underfitting.
SVM is computationally expensive and not scalable.
SVM is also not easily interpretable.

what is Ensemble method?
Multiple models are combined to solve a problem or improve prediction performance. 
The idea is that a group of models, when combined, can outperform individual models by reducing errors and improving generalization.

what all ensemble algorithms were used?
Random forest and Gradient boosting

why did you not split into 3 partitions?
we were only using a subset of big datasets and for simpler datasets , the model will be compatible to newer unseen data and 2 partitions (train and test) were enough.

what's the advantage of your model?
(Refer slide 2, purple coloured terms for more details)
Access risk, automate decisions, minimize bias and enhance profitability

what is boxplot and it's use?
It's used for outlier detection
(refer slide 7 for boxplot info)

what is correlation matrix?
(refer slide 8)
each cell of the matrix displays correlation coefficient between 2 variables

This project is based on which type of problem and which type of ML method?
Supervised Machine Learning and Classification problem(Binary Classification Problem).

what's the use of AUC-ROC?
AUC = summary of model's peformance and can be used to compare different ML models.

which ROC curve is used for imperfect classifiers?
PR AUC-ROC (Precision Recall AUC-ROC)

what's the goal of ROC?
ROC space to be in the upper left hand corner

Define AUC?
Area Under Curve is the measure of the ability of a classifier to distinguish between classes

what's harmonic mean of precision and recall?
F1-score

what are some applications of Linear regression?
Stock Market prediction and Weather prediction

which learning algorithm does decision tree use?
ID3 algorithm (Iterative Dichotomizer 3)

for an ideal ML model, how should be the bias and variance?
low bias and low variance

why do we use 3 partitions?
to reduce overfitting

why did you not use KNN?
computationally expensive because it needs to calculate distances for every datapoint.

why did you not use Naive Bayes?
it assumes independence among features, which isn't applicable to real world datasets.

which environment was used to implement these algorithms?
google collab

what's machine learning?
an application of AI that allows system to automatically improve without being explicity programmed




